hello youtubers well it's been a bit of
a funny week I'm very tired of course
after my visitors but recovered now and
also recovered from a cold so feeling ok
again but it seems to have been a repair
week this week first of all the the PC
that I use all the time was getting a
little bit confused and certain things
not working but with the help of my son
we've we've put that right I suppose
like all of you there's so many things
keep getting downloaded and programs
uninstalled and removed and all sorts of
files so you delete that don't get
overwritten etc etc so it got itself a
bit confused but as I say fortunately
we've put that right now and and and all
is well one of the things we had to do
was to update the driver for the video
card and the problems that it had really
was they were avi files that were
causing some problems anyway and the
other thing that we've been repairing is
an old motorcycle of mine and because a
friend of my grandson declares that he
would like to learn to ride a motorbike
so we had to get it going well it's a
very old bike that I haven't ridden for
about five years I built it a long while
ago when I was working on the
neighboring farm and didn't like riding
quad bike so built up this built up this
bike so I could write something I was
more familiar with and used it to
fetching the cows from milking and herd
the sheep about and stuff like that so
that was very nice to have him and have
him over and we got that going and once
again it turned out to be an electrical
fault but anyway there's some that's
going now and I must tell you a little
bit about about him and his friends
because this is really I hope as the
title says in praise of youth
and of course I'm very proud of my own
children and my grandchildren and
recognize all the wonderful qualities
they've got well he is now at an age
when he's just finished his first part
of his university and all these friends
are of the same age and they are all
gathering together I don't know quite
how many I think maybe about eight or
nine of them gathering together to make
arrangements to plan their trip to a
remote part of Africa during their
summer vacation where they will be
helping in the further building of a
school and entertaining the children
there etc quite a number of quite a
number of weeks and of course in order
to be able to go they've had to be
working quite hard at boring jobs that
they hate to raise the money to go so of
course one must praise one must praise
that and hopefully that all be coming
over on quite a number of them over
maybe tomorrow or Wednesday and that'll
be great fun and one of them hopefully
we can teach the ride on this old
motorcycle and if they allow me to do
any video and videoing of them then I
might be able to put something of that
up on a future video but I just do wish
that the media would not publicize so
much all the negative qualities of youth
because as the case I've just cited they
are not alone there are many young
people do things like this and even if
they don't
we've only got to look around YouTube to
see the value of young people how much
ability they have how much fun they have
there they're just nice ordinary people
and and they are of course the norm
I'm sure there's far more old people who
misbehave than young people and young
people grow up those those of my few
remaining faithful viewers will probably
remember I put up a video recently of me
spending time on the farm holiday well
that was where the young man who now has
his own business as a wife has quite a
nice home who when I knew him as a
schoolboy his behaviour left a lot to be
desired and I certainly wasn't able to
influence him in change in any way but
he's matured as they all do into into
just a nice hard-working young man and
hopefully with I hope be a family soon
III don't know but it's just an example
I think of of the goodness of the
goodness of youth and of course that's
my opinion really um I haven't plotted
this very well have I to make an
argument but I think you know what I
mean
and so let's leave it there and that's
my opinion and the young people are
going to be the people who are going to
be the scientists and the doctors and
the politicians of the future who are
going to manage all of us old people so
I think we should give them great credit
for their abilities and all right there
will always be a few who are beyond hope
but they're a very very small minority
and my hopes for the future
I'm quite bright so I love I will leave
it there and if I can get any filming
have any of these young people who
hopefully will visit me then I'll I'll
let you meet them so until next time
goodbye